# Draft
Since my last rendition I completely overhauled the website since the original concept. I started by modifying the art style from taking previous images to making my own version of everything. I went for a more minimal art style and created the gameboy advance image and all cartridge sections in illustrator. I also moved from a multipage to one big scrolling website. I also used javascipt to add dynamic scrolling, typewriter text, and a menu bar that changes color dpending on the section you scroll to. I am still missing content on a few of the pages, but this is because I spent so much time overhauling the entire website that I ran short on time to finish off content, but the about section is a good represenation of what each section will look like. I am hoping to add more javascript interactivity on the different Gameboy cartridge sections. I also currently have an issue where my website looks terrible on mobile. I am looking at making an alternative style sheet that detect a mobile device so I can make sure my website looks good on mobile too. For the work experience section I will be including a list of resume type experience that I’ve had. For the code portfolio I will be including some github repos/projects that demonstrate my coding ability and for the design portfolio I will be showing off not only some art that I’ve done, but also some 3D modelling. I am hoping to add a writing portfolio section as well at the bottom, but that is a stretch goal only if I finish everything else. I organized my website into just index.html and index.css now that it is a single page scrolling website. One last thing I am going to add is links to my social media, email, and linkedin. 
